View collections update (#236)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/collections/view-collections.md

title: View Collections
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> This section page in detail the features available in the GDN console and how to work with your collections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the features available in the GDN console and how to work with your collections.
```
